[Music]
oh hello my name is Eric Metaxas this is
my show that's why it's called the
ercoupe taxes show and I do this show
because I like to talk to people and I
like to talk to people to whom I would
like to introduce you my audience today
a very special treat I get to introduce
you to someone with mmm maybe you're
familiar with her but maybe you're not
her name is Katie Hopkins and look here
she is Katie Hopkins I there's no way
for me to do you justice I will simply
say that I'm a big fan of yours you have
a book out called rude you're not really
rude I'm not really rude and I'm very
actually I'm very ordinary I'm just a
regular mother of three from the UK who
became a little bit known for refusing
to be silenced yes that will happen when
one refuses to be silenced let's talk
about how you are known principally I
got to know you it's one of these
classic things someone that I adore on
Twitter retweeted something of yours and
I thought oh my goodness who's this
wonderful woman and then of course now I
follow you and I feel that I've known
you for years but you you didn't get
known because you were talking about
political or cultural things happening
in the UK you were doing something else
yes and I did away you've gone back to
with that because yes so so I used to
live in Manhattan I used to live on 14th
actually we're about I know right here
why for five years because I work for a
big management consultancy firm and I
was sent over to open up the u.s. office
so I was on so you know and you're no
idiot well I tried to make people I
tried to bluff myself as an idiot
interesting yeah I tried to give the
illusion of being to being an idiot but
you were less your work for a big can
you say the name of the firm yeah
McKinney Rochester it was a big consult
never heard of it it's anyway listen so
you were here it was right there in the
road big city now this is when you were
single single Pringle and then I was I
also had a partner here
but um one male partner yes I know
people always do shame not be a man you
cuz I have short hair and it's confusing
for America yes like you yeah you find
it quite hard here and people often
think I'm a lesbian well people think
the same of me I think you just made the
same mistake people call me the angry
Ellen DeGeneres yes and in the flat
sensible shoes all big giveaways but
we're not gonna talk about that because
it's a family show now listen you you
were not talking about political things
you did some kind of TV show so I did so
back to the topic left America went back
to the UK to have some children and I
was on the BBC version so the British
version of The Apprentice er because I
saw the Trump version when I was living
here in the city and I thought he's a
good guy he's really decisive I like
that kind of so you didn't recognize him
as Hitler 2.0 at that time I recognised
him as a sharp decisive individual who
got rid of people he didn't like by
telling them things straight which is
very much my mechanism for life so I
went home applied to be on the British
apprentice and I got on mostly because I
was a sort of annoying woman who'd been
in business I wore this white suit so I
have this sort of instant thing I became
this white suit annoying gobby woman
from the UK hey love when when when
people from your side of the pond used
words like gobby yes because I realized
what virtual said is true that we are
what did he say - they're separated by a
two countries separated by a common
language
gobby means means I talk a lot and I
when I was on The Apprentice
I was the candidate who was very very
blunt about the other candidates I
thought we were all doing that but I was
particularly sharp in my criticism of
them said I've always been like this as
a little girl no I think I was charming
when I was little and I went to an
all-girl school I went to a school run
by nuns sister Philomena sister beads
sister Nuala they even tied I'm
left-handed as all the best people are
you're not left-handed are you now that
I know now I can tell and so I'm sister
newly used to tie up my left hand behind
my back because all of God's children
write with their right hands do you know
what the word Dexter and sinister mean
so ambidextrous is is this true that a
that a that a Brit might be unfamiliar
with this do you know in your heraldry
you have you know a lion rampant lion
sinister sinister means left so it's
from that Latin so the left hand its
sinister and I'm not making this up no
I'm leaving yeah and you know when can I
sit at the right hand of the Father not
at the left hand the left hand is where
the goats are sent the sheep and the
goats so thank goodness you had a set of
nun who had a good sense to bind your
hand behind me so as a full year old
walking around to school in a green and
white striped dress with my arm bound
behind my back crying into my eyes and
making sandwiches I'm not making this up
and you're saying that was a good thing
that's who you are that's that sort of
man you are
I mean I say mad or loosely hey come hey
my wife might be listening but you know
what she never listens to this program
anyway yes so they bound my hand but I
was brought up by nuns so I was brought
up to follow the rules order and
discipline and actually that's what I
love about life I love rules and I love
order and I love people who don't who
don't create fuss you need to do this do
it do it well do it better than you
could have done it go away that's very
much but I have to say there every
culture has good things and bad things
one of the great things about the
English is their love of order and rules
I do you know not so much as the Germans
thank good to far now in Germany if you
cross the road you have to cross the
road at 90 degrees to the road yeah you
have to cross in a straight line Yeah
right yeah yeah you cross at an angle of
80 degrees or less you cross on the
diagonal yeah you will be fined you're
kidding no that's how much they love
about what big government is all about
well I'm not kidding when I traveled in
the 80s in Europe I noticed this about
every country in Italy everyone caught
there were no rules in America it was a
kind of a healthy mixture because we
have jazz and in in Germany if you
crossed the street against the light
people looked at you like you were
flying yes but it gets worse in
Switzerland Oh
they would loudly rebuke they have no
personality there so they have no risk
they take no chances so if someone
crossing the road when their light
hasn't changed is enough for them to
lose their tiny minds so you never
really want to beat you know I would
never want to be married to a German
because that's insane level of where my
father married a German unfortunately
now she's my mother it's very difficult
for me but I'm torn up inside but let's
go back you love order I love older
rules but you don't like having your arm
it must be said that is an extraordinary
thing that they really did do that yes
no that happened I mean and I'm not 65
I'm only 44 even though I look 72 so I'm
quite young so this was still within my
living lifetime and so so that's a
curious thing in that school but it mean
that school was good I came out of there
with all the right results so you see
they must have been on to something but
they were just kind of crazy nuns you
don't think it led to epilepsy oh that's
not what caused my epilepsy no I don't
know no it's not we'll get to that but
the reason I love rules an order and
then went on to love rules and orders
the same reason that I wanted to join
the British military signed up to the
British Army passed through selection
went in is not the typical choice for a
young woman in England is it no did you
do this before you came over here yeah
okay so early in life fact story came
out of University sponsored by the
intelligence course Corps went to Santis
which is a bit like your West Point but
just you know better yeah sure I am NOT
gonna argue with you I've spoken to West
Point a number of times I'd never spoken
it's and her yeah we don't like
standards that yeah really yeah quite
interesting that's not what I heard but
you know I'm tempted to get mean now do
it try it
tempted to give me okay how he saved
your rear ends in some wars but I'm not
gonna do that because we're talk because
you're my guest
now listen Katie let's get it straight
you went what if you don't mind give me
a background what are your parents do
that would that would make you think
that going to Sandhurst made nothing yes
nothing they so they are super normal my
mom and dad are super Shari this they
wouldn't ever they don't talk about
themselves they don't advertise
themselves they go quietly about life my
father had the same job all his life for
the same company that his brother were
then as well and my mum was a housewife
she used to send us to school looking
smart pick us up from school make our
dinner our dinner was always on the
table at five o'clock every day without
fail so that was the mahone life that I
had super normal people and your way of
rebelling was to go to the military now
my way of kind of proving that if there
was something tough I could beat it that
was kind of my thing it still is my
thing I'm sure so if there's something
hard I need to go prove that I can do it
don't know why and so Santa's selection
of the toughest thing the hardest core
to get into the intelligence corps we
have to do anyway pull-ups squats
pull-ups I still don't think they do
pull-ups oh do not give me they make
women do what's gonna happen when the
army when the enemy comes are they gonna
say how's that for you let's move along
no let's not it's not listen when the
mill when you go to scientists you have
to complete the same standard as the
boys that should not come as a surprise
that is why Sandhurst is better than
West Point thank you okay we only have
seconds left in this segment
but let me ask you what when you did
this thing on the apprentice
in England you became famous for being
an outspoken figure and because I got to
the end and then was offered the job and
then told him to stick his job you told
him to stick his job did you take him to
tell him to take his job and shove it
it was much more polite than that I said
that there were other people who were
far more desperate than me and he was
welcome to them
because that's an a wonderful American
song take this job and shove it I am
working here no more we're gonna be
right back with Katie Hopkins she is the
author of rude
hey there folks that is the great Johnny
paycheck putting into American what
Katie Hopkins said so beautifully in the
Queen's English just a moment ago so
Katie you win the competition on The
Apprentice what year so I was season
four I'm thinking it must be 12 years
ago 2007 okay long time ago yeah and
this catapult you to fit to some kind of
Fame and what happened what happened
next was that I was then known as
somebody who gave strong opinions and
was not afraid to say them very directly
often to people's faces and in in
Britain we just don't do that so if we
have something unkind to say about
someone people creep inside their houses
shut the door and whisper it to their
friends right so then I would be invited
on to morning shows good morning Britain
you know your kind of morning programs
the biggest ones yeah and I would
address a number of issues because I
have opinions on everything I'm sure you
do too but one of my particular issues
for example is overweight people that
don't own that problem right so then
there would be me next to a very very
large lady on the sofa saying well
you're overweight because you eat too
much and you don't move enough and I
wouldn't employ you and of course that
became so you never say no one yeah
typically people don't say things like
that because that would be considered
rude and that's the title of your book
so you say things like that but I have
watched a few clips there was one which
is probably the most famous where you
you talk about the names of children in
England yes and what's funny about you
is that all of these things people do
sort of think these things but you say
them I think that's that's exactly it so
there's there's this kind of massive
overreaction to me that says oh she's
evil or she's wicked or wasn't she
dreadful but the thing is if I was just
saying stuff that was unkind and and not
true I'd just be a crazy old lady
screaming at the rain and people would
be like but because this stuff connects
because I am a mum I'm a regular school
gate mum I'm a wife I'm someone who
cleans my bathrooms I do the vacuuming
because I'm super normal I know what
we're thinking and I know that there's
some kids names that we hear and we
think ah the war
name or the worst mum and for us that
was the name ball for me at my school it
was the name Tyler because there was a
particular Tyler good school every mum
will know every cent of all young men in
America today our name Tyler so all your
listeners will know lovely mums and dads
will know that there is always a biting
kit there is always a kid little I'd
rather but yes you see you just got that
food so in my school it was always Tyler
the biting kids and you know you've
brought this little thing up in your
home you love it you love it and then
you're releasing it into this pen where
there's a biting thing right you know
and just speaking of the truth that is
what connected with people and then I
became more known yeah there's a biting
thing um yeah and you well anyway but
look you all of this is funny but then
you got into some very serious things
which of course touched nerves here in
America because I think I mean look
since I am a Christian I always try to
be careful to give people context for
the mean things I say because I don't
think they're actually mean in other
words if I say that I think we ought to
protect our country it doesn't mean
because I hate other people but it's
because I think it's the sensible thing
to do and what has happened in England
is quite dramatically different than the
problems we've we have great problems
here but the influx of Muslims into into
the UK and into Europe the reason it's
different I just want to frame this for
my American audience is that on one
level it has less to do with religion
than it has to do with culture in the
sense that people are coming in who are
not submitting themselves to the culture
in which they're that they're entering
but they are bringing the culture and
refusing to change when my parents came
to this country from Europe they became
Americans they wanted to be Americans
and so that to me is what is staggering
about somebody said the lack of cultural
confidence of the West that Europe
Merkel and those in the UK you you've
you've brought people in without
requiring them to do what countries have
typically required people to do I think
that's right I think the word you
there that stood out to submit you know
people won't submit or you don't require
them to submit and you know I never feel
like UK or Western Europe asked people
to submit at all I feel like we asked
them to integrate we asked them I meant
yes I know but I'm picking you up on the
specific word because submit is
particularly I think associated with a
particular religion the religion of
peace ha I think what we ask people to
do was kind of integrate into our
culture or worst case - no just at least
respect our culture and that's what we
failed to achieve so I went from being
this woman that spoke about school
parenting and and large people and being
overweight and putting on half my body
weight to prove that fat people were
lazy to being this woman that was then
interested in what was happening to our
country and then I was a national
columnist for two years on our biggest
daily tabloid and a national columnist
for two years on Daily Mail and it was
then that I really got into the
political side of things then the thing
that Western Europe has failed to do
spectacularly is stand up for its own
culture and we spend far too much time
tiptoeing around the cultures that chose
to join us and far too little time
defending our own and that's been at the
ultimate price and the ultimate price is
that we will lose Great Britain Great
Britain's will be Taylor is no question
and this is maybe your principal subject
as I've watched you out there and it is
so important but it is grievous to think
that that the beauty of the West it's
this always happens right that it that
it would move in such a direction that
at some point it would begin to eat
itself right the tolerance and the
openness which are hallmarks I would say
of this judeo-christian tradition at
some point can end up destroying that
very civilization that's precisely
what's happened when you give until the
point that there's nothing else to give
when you accept that everything can be
taken eventually someone will come and
take it all I think we're running out of
time we'll be right back with Katie
Hopkins
hey folks I'm talking to a woman who off
the air described herself as the angry
Ellen DeGeneres or milos mom I find that
so funny I love it it's because you know
but when you meet people people want to
place you quickly they need to know
especially in our industry like people
need to know which box you fit in so
people are like oh Milo's mom or angry
Ellen or what do I get
oh the British and Coulter or the female
Faraj but I have way better teeth than
female for us the email for us batty yes
but most of you people have bad teeth
and I keep meeting people that say oh
did it I'm an orthodontist and at that
point you know my mouth just goes oh
because you know that they're looking at
your teeth well let me let's ask some
substantive questions and then we'll
move on to more silliness brexit oh i as
soon as I heard about this brexit idea I
I have to tell you that I sort of sadly
felt that England and and and Europe is
so far gone that something like brexit
was not possible so when I heard that
brexit was happening
I practically levitated for joy and so
tell us about where we are and a lot of
people are saying they're not paying
attention to much to what's happened now
let's start with where it all began
which was 23rd of June 2016 that's when
the people went out and voted that was
the night that we got brexit best night
of my life by far but we have to explain
the whole thing wasn't supposed to go
the way it went this is the woman who
was the the Prime Minister Cameron this
is the point Sir David Cameron was the
Prime Minister and the British
government spent a year or more telling
us if we voted brexit you know our young
people would be it would die immediately
that the food would fall from our
cupboards that would be emaciated wrecks
on the floor like they could not have
been more dramatic about what could you
nonetheless UVO the brilliant yes and
amen
even they distributed a leaflet to the
door of every home throughout what you
call them post boxes letter boxes what
do you call them once flats so they
delivered a leaflet through all of
slants and everybody got one on their
mat and it said oh definitely don't vote
brexit you'd be crazy if you vote a
brexit but we'll do whatever you decide
we will do what still got it I've still
got that paragraph now the good people
of Great Britain the people that live in
the great bit of England that I live in
call the rest of the people who fought
in the trenches in the first war and who
who accomplished a Dunkirk and the
people I mean those people voted voted
and we voted to leave the EU but you
know what we were voted we were voting
because we wanted to feel proud again we
wanted to feel like we belong to our
country again we wanted to feel like we
were somehow fighting for our country at
a time when everything seemed lost we
were fighting back for all the times
we've been told that we didn't matter
and it was just a joy that can only be
matched by the joy of Trump winning and
them struggling to call Pennsylvania
because they knew Trump had got it we
had exactly the same moment with our BBC
they could not bring themselves to say
and leave leave as one you could see
their faces were contorting like CNN
trying to say Pennsylvania is gone to
Trump it was joyous it was the best best
time of my life
three years on still not happened okay
now when you say it's still not happen
most of the most of us in America know
very little about the British political
system it why hasn't it happened my
guess my guess is that because it's
complicated to undo something and when
you have many years of some kind of a
connection and so they haven't been able
to settle on how to undo it no I think
that's really generous because you're
generous so yes I am what happened was
that the people got the wrong answer we
weren't supposed to vote leave we were
told all the way along don't vote leave
and we still did it and so they said
you're not going to have it and they
have done everything in their power the
establishment to try and make us change
our minds to try and have another
referendum to tell us that it was an
illegal voting process also clarify this
for me do you do you mean to say that
Teresa may in her recent attempts was
not attempting in good faith she was not
attempting a good faith and let's
remember
she was championing she was campaigning
for the other side in her previous role
she was remarried but but as p.m. I mean
she did weep when she decided to leave I
mean no but I mean it you'd get the
impression that she was trying to
accomplish not good enough she needed to
there was a way of leaving where you
have to walk in you have to say we are
leaving and we'll sort the deal out
later and we walk out you just go tough
and we never went tough we just kind of
pussy-footed around
she went over kind of stroked Merkel
hugged macron told them she would do
whatever they wanted and so we still
three years on don't have brexit and
actually and it's just a normal level of
you know mums and dads in Britain
imagine you know you go out and you
suddenly feel elated for the first time
in forever as long as you can remember
for all the times you couldn't get a
doctor's place when you needed a doctor
school place when you needed a school
place for that brief moment we felt like
maybe we were going to get it all back
and then to see that we've got the wrong
answer and even democracy doesn't cure
yeah it's been very it's been
emotionally upsetting it strikes me if I
maybe be a global historian for a moment
it strikes me that you felt something
the way American colonists felt in 1776
when you have taxation without
representation when you have cultural
elites bullying you pushing you around
at some point you get fed up you say
thank you very much we're done and you
rebel and I think this is happening
across the board in Europe I have great
hopes for the other countries in Europe
that they will take a page of the brexit
Trump book what is your sense of other
parts of Europe yeah it's exciting it's
sort of it's there's a darkness which we
don't need to go down that route but you
know as part of what I do trying to
bring truths from the road I go to those
places I have spent time walking no-goes
Sweden you know I've stood with the
police when there's been a hand grenade
in the bin another hand grenade I have
spent time with the migrants in Calais
in trucks where the migrants are trying
to get on the trucks I've spent time in
southern Italy with the migrants
crossing the Med I've been to those
places I spend time there
and my sense is that despite all of the
darkness which we could talk about ad
nauseum is that the light is starting to
shine and and I hate to say it but it is
very much dependent on America oh no no
no I know that we are the strings that
are being pulled through our country if
you imagine it like a blind you know
there's blinds you have that you pull up
with this tree oh yeah that is it we are
that blind Europe the strings are
pulling through so you in Sweden you
have the Swedish Democrats our people
Germany the alternative for Deutschland
our people salvini in Italy who's going
to be my fourth husband but doesn't know
it yet so maybe tell him one day but
you've only been married twice I know
but okay we're gonna give I'm gonna be
your third husband Trump you could be my
second well come on trouble is not
interested in you we're gonna be right
back folks I've had enough of this
nonsense we'll be right back
[Music]
hejd folks this year for taxes show
that song by the way has English lyrics
in honor of my guest Katie Hopkins here
from England Katie
we were just arguing about who would be
my second wife and your third husband
yes we don't have time to litigate that
now okay but off the air I'm gonna
straighten you out okay let me say this
you were just going through the list of
countries in Europe and Telus telling us
about how in each of these countries
including Greece which is where my
family is and in Germany where my family
is there are kind of amazing things
happen oh it's amazing that this left
kept saying well this this populism will
die out Trump will die out populism is
gone yeah and then of course we just had
the European elections and the populace
were just resurgent and because of this
migrant tidal wave that we had in
2014-15 the reaction to that and not
only because of the migrant invasion but
also the the the feeling of wanting to
put your own countrymen first which of
course we took from you guys and Trump
has become really strong and I think the
champion of that the person that most
embodies it in Europe is salvini and he
has become like he walks like Trump
walks and when he goes places everybody
is just the family sounds very little
about solving oh please so when you've
got a little minute have a little look
at him because he is the Trump of of
Western Europe it's incredibly exciting
no I'm excited about the head of Brazil
but of course that's in our atmosphere
I think it's called Hemisphere but I
didn't know about salvini yeah very
great so he said now you come here as a
migrant you do something wrong you're
gone on the first boat we'll put you on
a pedal if we have to he's the guy that
stood at the southern Italian docks and
said no no more migrant boat boats are
gonna land here you know they were NGO
ships they were not they were ferries
they were not rescue boats he said no
more and he stopped them arriving I mean
it's just been absolutely night and day
with him arriving on scene so there is
hope in Western Europe there is no hope
for London or Great Britain because of
Sadiq Khan almost no man hang on a tick
um when you say Sadiq
and you say there's no hope for London
why wouldn't you think I mean in America
we have for example in this city we have
a communist mayor named Bill DeBlasio
we have horrible leaders all over
America but we feel that generally
speaking there is hope no do you think
maybe Boris Johnson may have something
to say about what happens I think he
will and we're down to our where we are
right now
we're down to our last three in the
prime minister I'm in astareal campaign
so we have to choose our new prime
minister we're very hopeful that we get
Boris Johnson now who's the other one
named Jeremy not Corbin Jeremy Hunt I've
heard some good things about him have
you Wilberforce is one of his heroes am
I wrong about that well I have to you
know you're probably right because
you're the smart historian but I had to
write to you Jeremy Hunt was on TV on
BBC just a couple days ago being very
unkind about my good self very unkind he
just has to do that to preserve his bona
fides mm-hmm because as soon as you're
out of the room I'm gonna say the
nastiest things about you yeah so listen
you just know this as well when you
leave this building I'm gonna be outside
the door so just remember that sweetie I
don't believe you I think you're going
on to the next thing yeah okay so
seriously though we've just got moments
let me ask you a final question and this
is a lot hangs on this so think
carefully before you answer what is the
capital of North Dakota
ah dang its Bismarck its Bismarck KT I'm
so sorry we had to end on such a sour
pessimistic note boring now maybe we'll
have you maybe we'll have you back
actually of course we will have you back
so much fun to have you thank you folks
the guest is Katie Hopkins she's written
a book called rude and you may look her
up on Bing or Google a few months
[Music]
as you know that is Paul McCartney and
you know that we're no longer on
speaking terms as I saw him on Madison
Avenue and he refused to get a selfie
with me Paul you are dead to me and I'm
not just saying cuz you're barefoot you
know on the on the Abbey Road thing you
are dead to me Paul hear me and hear me
well you will not appear on this show
until you apologize folks speaking of
the Brits we have a happy Brit in the
room her name is Katie Hopkins Katie
welcome back to this program thank you
so much for having me back well it's
after the way our last show when really
it is a generous act I know of mine but
you know I'm the most generous saved
this show I got to tell you I'm the most
generous person you will ever meet and
twice as humble as any any humble fool
who claims to be humble now your Twitter
handle if people want to follow you they
can follow you at it's the letters Katie
Katie Hopkins Katie Oh cutie I don't
want I don't want to say Hopkins no no
don't because as an American I suddenly
being in the presence of a Brit I feel
that Hawken musket is more yes proper it
is more proper yes and on Twitter is a
good place for people to find me because
a lot of time do I got into a lot of
trouble Hopkin last week because Trump
retweeted my tweet and then of course
everybody had to set upon me and try and
you know remove me from the face of the
earth because Rob had done such a thing
well look we've got to educate my
audience who don't know about you
because you you really have been a very
brave soul and you've been talking about
so many things one of the things that is
very disturbing is how what I would call
cultural Muslims right we're not talking
about all these people have this
religion but we're talking about people
who are in no wise British they have
come to England and in a very I would
say arrogant ethnocentric way have have
felt that they will make England Arab
Muslim rather than become English which
means that they don't love their adopted
country you have been very vocal about
that and that's a brave thing to do tell
us about your observations and what is
happening yes and so you know these are
my observe a
and they're very distinct from from
anyone else's viewpoints so I'm what I'm
trying to say there is I own these
opinions and if anyone has problems with
them then it's me they have the problem
with so it's nothing to do with anybody
else's sure well nothing else since me
and me alone I'm very clear that the UK
will fall to Islam there has been an
Islamist invasion of my country and
whilst there are great many great
Muslims the truth is that the centers of
power that we have have been taken over
London is completely beholden to our
Muslim man wrote the book loaned honest
an I'll understand that was Rahim Kasim
wasn't it yeah and then we have a
Bradford Birmingham Luton Lester many of
our other towns and cities I'm a
minority there and so being and I'm a
white minority in London as well and by
2035 Muslim births outnumber birth to
any other religion or culture however so
Muslim the demographics are that I'm
already outnumbered and for example in
one one city if we think of Birmingham
it's a city in the middle of the UK it
doesn't matter where it is but if you
bump into a child on the street that
child is more likely to be Muslim than
any other and in one particular town
I've just returned from actually Savile
Town is 97 percent Muslim now you can
say well so what Katy what does it
matter
that's a brilliant thing that's
diversity but I guess my challenge there
is if that's diversity where is the
diversity if it's 97 percent Muslim I
don't find any diversity I just know
that I'm the odd one out and the other
thing I think that I would say is when
your future means that you're the
minority you know I've spent time in
South Africa with fight white farmers
being genocided from there I watched
some of those 8% whites I see it limps
into our future there yeah you know and
so that's the fear I haven't because I'm
outspoken about all of this because you
can't say these things because it's
against the narrative clearly I've been
subject to attacks I've had my
professions removed I was a writer for
national newspapers to jihadi set out to
behead me my children a report our
service
those sorts of things wait a minute two
jihadis set out to behead you yeah did
either of them succeed
they succeeded but that surgeons in the
UK really really good national
healthcare I know even with social
because I can't see any kind of scar
they replaced it with a better-looking
one because my first version was ready
isn't that funny yeah I you know who
this who knew we had this in common
neither is this my original head yeah
okay so look we're talking about some
ghastly things ghastly things but it's
very real and so I guess my question to
you is when you say this is the way
things are going have you no hope I mean
I happen to be friends with Baroness
Caroline Cox who's been a brave voice
you're familiar with her yes it strikes
me that maybe Peter Hitchens has spoken
out on this case great I we had him on
this program many times dear soul there
are those of you speaking out but you
you have no hope for the political class
even if a Boris Johnson is elected
people no no no I mean we are very
lonely souls and and it is thanks to
people like you this is a sincere moment
and there's only gonna be one of them so
you know enjoy it here really but it is
thanks to people like you that voices
like mine are still heard because I'm
not allowed near the BBC or any of the
mainstream anymore even though that was
where I came from we had Fox News for
example taken from our TV screens
because we're not allowed to watch that
anymore
wait wait wait wait wait say that again
and explain what that means you've had
Fox News taken from your TV screens yeah
you haven't we can't watch Fox News is
not Murdoch you know too aren't aren't
his operations based in England now you
still he was my boss on the Sunday
newspaper what has happened to Rupert
Murdoch well exactly and I could ask
your listeners I'm sure would be
listening thinking what happened to Fox
News these days the shift we've all been
able to feel it I think in someone like
me that was inside of it the shift from
I wouldn't say very right I would say
centre but anyway to the right the shift
over to the left to need to follow the
narrative of the globalist to need to
become much more so
of adherents and the narrative that
giving away your country is the only
option has become the push of the
Murdochs and so Fox News Fox was removed
from British 10:00 p.m. staggered I have
to tell you I did not know that I
recently I was on Fox not so long ago
and I said something very pro-life and
was immediately somewhat rudely cut off
and I thought this is Fox News and I'm
saying something that I think most
Americans certainly most Christians
would agree with I was rudely I was
really cut off Jeanine Pirro whom I
consider a friend was taken off the air
for a season because she said something
that it was actually quite a good
question even if I mean I could quibble
with the way she might have put it but
there was no reason it was anything but
a good question to ask and so for you to
confirm this to me is actually quite
frightening because apart from Fox News
we don't have anything we don't have any
outlets here no so that's true in the UK
and I think what's really important for
me as an outsider observing and seeing
how this has worked in the UK is that
now when you're watching Fox you're your
listeners and there may be times you
think well why is she saying that
why is Laura Ingraham hosting those kind
of people who who think that's true why
is she hosting apologists why is she
there's a reason is that they are now
sort of obliged in order to keep their
positions there they have to have these
sort of sham interviews with certain
individuals that they would not tolerate
otherwise and the nervousness inside Fox
the producers are terrified that they'll
lose their jobs you know the staff are
terrified this is not a good system I
hardly believe I'm hearing this it's
very dismaying Sean Hannity has been a
great hero in the last two or so years
in in a way that I would say no no one
else has risen to the level that he's
risen to and the idea that someone like
like him or or like Laura Ingraham or
like Tucker Carlson would need to worry
about what their bosses are thinking
this is news to me Katie
I'm very sorry to hear this but I think
the looking on the positive side as I
always seek to the great thing is that
that can't sustain people can't sustain
when they are trapped it's why I no
longer work for anyone so I can just say
my piece and what will happen I think is
will see a new fox emerging and very
excited about it
it's going to be exciting for people who
are truth speakers and I think what
matters more than our industry chit
chats is that people in America
homeowners tax payers decent mums and
dads deserve a place where they can hear
their opinions heard you deserve to be
able to turn on your TV and agree a bit
disagree a bit hear all different points
of views and work and people deserve to
be awarded the courtesy of knowing
they're smart enough to work out what
they think and that's what these
networks are currently missed well this
is the comedy of people there was an
op-ed in the Wall Street Journal owned
by Murdoch by the the head of the New
York Times this is a few days ago in
which he was complaining about the way
Trump has talked about journalism and
accusing the New York Times of treason
and so on and so forth and I thought the
tremendous irony here is that it is
Trump who's the advocate of actual
journalism in other words if the
journalists weren't spinning every story
that would be called journalism but when
you spin every story and I read the New
York Times just about every day all you
have to do is look at the cover no
matter what the story is it could be a
sports core it is some how spun or
mitigated in a way that points the
finger at Trump we're gonna go to a
break we're gonna be right back folks
we're going to Catie continue with Nick
Katie Hopkins follow her on Twitter at
Katie those are the initials Katie
Hopkins Katie Hopkins at Twitter
[Music]
idiot folks in honor of Rupert Murdoch
it's all Australian music that's the Bee
Gees I'd like you to tee up some Helen
Reddy right now I'm talking to a Brit
her name is Katie Hopkins and I like the
fact that the title of your book is rude
because I say rude which in in in your
country would be spelled are ood it's a
different word do you say we're just a
little brief thing on rude rude was me
sitting on my own from 4:00 a.m. till 6
a.m. I've got three children so I'd sit
there on my own it was really
therapeutic because I just kind of wrote
up how I feel about things how I think
about politics how I feel about being a
mom disastrous things have happened to
me in my terrible relationships over the
past my journey with epilepsy all sorts
of things and I wrote this all alone and
it felt really nice because I said
things I'd never said before all my
private things that I keep to myself and
then one day this box arrived in my
study then it was full of books that I
had written and that we're about to come
out and I was like oh no I've over
shared so this is an overshare it's what
we'll say even the way you see I love
that
you sound like George Sanders if I
really want something in America I lay
on my British I don't really know it's
really I mean if I really want something
I also lay on your British ass
okay so Katie Hopkins rude is the title
of the book and in the book you and I
discussed this on this program but you
weren't in studio you have had a
tremendous battle with epilepsy
it is so harrowing to read that chapter
it is very hard to believe that someone
could have had to endure maybe it
explains you a little bit why you are
you're quite mad you know tell us about
this okay so I think it does help
explain me because there's always been a
fight going on for me so I've been
epileptic since I was 18 or 19 started
having little fits where I would just
they call them petit mal you just
disappear for a little bit you know when
people a little absent people would say
you you Kay oh yeah yeah fine
I'd be having a little disappearance but
they developed over my life until the
point where they were dropping me down
in the road I one time I was on the
phone to my husband I walked into the
road I had a cream coat on and it was
raining and I bit through all of my
mouth and tongue and lips whatever
knocked a couple teeth out so there was
blood I don't want to be disgusting for
your listeners but blood everywhere and
the lady who saw me for when it picked
up my phone spoke to my husband and Bera
mine jihad he's trying to kill me people
against my views she said I think she's
been shocked so my husband's in the West
Country thinking I've been shot I'm in
the middle of the road both I dislocate
my arms when I fit so both my arms would
come out now when you first of all I
love the fact that you used the word fit
as a verb when I you would say yes no
when I see when I we would say when I
have a seizure but you say when I fit
yeah when you have a fit how do you
dislocate your arm
it's brutal so obviously I'm not there
I'm away with the seizure Farias so I'm
not present but mark as a husband that's
watched these they I mean they're
violent Oh
so I fractured a one of my um you know
part of my spine before because these I
mean it's in your body is an incredible
thing I would say that your ability to
use thank you very much I've been
working out and you can even bite
through your tongue and not know it so
anyway epileptics you know we I'm
speaking for myself here not other
epileptics that might be listening and
it is a very freaky condition it is
something that makes you feel weird you
feel odd you feel like I believed this
isn't for others this is for me all my
life I try to hide it all my life
because I used to have my fits at night
in my sleep so I would have my fits at
night maybe dislocate my arms go to ER
and have my arms local relocated in
their sockets and then the next day I
would be in my suit doing what I did
I even had a show at one point on TV
called KT rules the world and even
during that show behind the scenes I was
I remember being an ER when my having my
arms relocated before I went head and
shot my TV show the next day now how
does one dislocate one's arms is it
flailing or you get Laila is to share
the the force of the movements will
throw that
bones out of their joints but you know
what a flail is I do know what a flame
yes people in America don't know you
know where your language came from now
do you want help Lana Germany agrees
obviously okay so you have to get your
arms put back into that socket I cannot
even imagine what we're talking about
does your husband take you to the
emergency room now so ambulance crews
common and you get given gas now and
it's I mean it's just three in the
morning and the worst thing is one of
the worst things there are worse things
but the worst thing is you know ladies
will understand we go to bed in our
jim-jams what you call Jim jams pajamas
hmm and sometimes those aren't always
terribly smart so your Jim jabs might
not be quite up to par and then you've
got these three great guys coming in
with their med kits and you're like me
and these aren't good Jim jams but
listen there is a good there is a good
ending to this house squeamish are you
I mean you touch those same holes we'll
find out now okay um I'm coming across
is that okay to tell people come on oh
now we have to have the microphone okay
I'm sorry for totally trashing your
street give me this yes I have hairspray
on so this might be weird okay okay oh
good grief that's my brain what you're
switching there you mean there's no
skull there oh hold on before I get told
off by production so I they came in with
a big hacksaw a bone saw who doesn't
have a bone saw in the tool shed yeah I
know wait a second that really was
creepy because you mean to tell me that
they lopped off a piece of your skull
except they didn't replace it I know
that always seems that's so funny that's
what Americans always say shame on them
yeah Americans always find that route
that they took my skull and didn't put
it back like it those Helen you assume
that that it's like leaving a sponge
inside a patient like come on you're
supposed to clean up after yourself and
typically I would assume that for many
reasons they would oh we're going to a
break we're gonna get back to the small
removal scull story all removal when we
come back
[Music]
police say that's not Australian music I
specifically asked for Bee Gees or Helen
Reddy what is wrong with you people
heads are gonna roll
speaking of heads let me say Katie
Hopkins just before we went to the break
you let me touch what felt very much
like a brain covered merely by scalp as
though the very skull itself had been
removed and in fact you're telling me
that's what happened yes now did they
put the skull back at some point and it
didn't work out
yes so I went into half just as a little
preface I went in to have huge brain
surgery so they wore yours on my
epilepsy so they were gonna go in to the
particular area where my fits my
seizures were starting from get that bit
out and throw it away so they went in
with a huge sore a team of 12 men sawed
off the top of my head they pull your
skull apart to get that's fine it's so
funny I was asleep it was a loveless
little wait a second you it's one thing
that they use a bone saw to cut a
circular part a large part of your skull
but you telling me that beyond that they
need to pull your skull apart yes and my
scar goes from the top of my left ear to
the top of my right ear so there was
thirty two staples across the top of my
head so they additionally like it's a
whole they segment the egg anyway let's
not dwell on the Sinister then they went
in got that bit out threw it away and
then they do put the flat back on top
the Sun roof but mine went manky and
souls went manky yes tell us how it went
manky it went manky because somebody in
that room can't afford their hands
properly after they'd been to the
bathroom so I got men in generational
health sir health care right there
you got you got meningitis yes so then
they went back in undid everything got
that little bit of skull and then they
threw it away they didn't even ask me
did I want to keep it wouldn't you like
to have any famed what I was gonna use
it as a fruit bowl and I now it's in the
bin or maybe better well you could serve
shirred eggs a little bit if you know a
little bit of shrimp cocktail yeah
yummy on the top of my scalp anyway they
threw it away so now I walk around like
a little soft boiled egg hard-boiled egg
with no skull and no one really knows
which is to see it's a really good party
trick actually you can beat the rest of
the room really easily by saying feel my
brain yeah and now I don't have a fit
I don't think I'll fit the messages I
don't have a fit and so there is hope
for people with extreme conditions there
is always hope and I and now my life is
easy and without a condition you can do
anything and so I think it's part of
what explains me in the sense of this
battle I'm on to try and help America
save itself to try and say don't become
like us because I genuinely I signed up
to this surgery knowing that you might
not come back like there's a fight you
know you have said many things in the
course of this interview and the
previous one that made me as a husband
and father think oh my goodness what do
your kids and husband think you are
going into all these no-go zones
dangerous places
you must have an extremely wonderful
husband I do you must
they call him lovely Marc that's his
actual name now and then and then and
then they add a question mark on the end
because they go what you're married to
lovely Marc like it can't be possible
right so he is the real healing either
it should be sat here really because
he's the hero the man can be that lovely
is he's the loveliest man on the planet
and and your children do they think
mommy is crazy or what
people always wonder about the children
thing because there's obviously some
dark stories like the leftist reported
me to social services as a bad mother in
the hope that they'll take my children
away and that will silence me but in
truth there really happened five times
so okay Katie I simply I can't believe
when I hear these things I just have to
stop and gasp that's that's so sick
that is so sick that that can happen in
your country yeah they have to come to
my house and check that their children
are okay because I'm that absolutely
proper because if there's a report it's
absolutely proper but then bear in mind
I come from a country where our children
are plucked off this
streets by majority Pakistani Muslim
rape squads and unfortunately their
cases aren't heard but I somehow am I
I'm a priority because I'm a
conservative but you know my family are
incredibly brilliant my children don't
really associate all of this kind of me
going to no-go zones and filming the
migrants and getting amongst the trucks
and the lorries and there and the South
Africans and sleeping on their farms
when they're butchered overnight you
know my children see me as the mum that
if they saw me they'd ask me what's for
tea what's the dinner you know that's me
they're the ones that see me doing the
vacuuming that they just know me as not
I've noticed you don't say hoovering
now vacuuming in I thought everyone in
your part of the world translated it up
for you I was I'm just fascinated I'm
just working on the basis you're a
simpleton and I'm just helping you out
did you say jumper or a shouter job or
sweater plimsolls or sneakers the
trainers trainer guess what we say when
we go swimming
what do you dress in when you go
swimming we say wetsuits are bashing am
I supposed to say trunks yeah well we
say swimming costume how cute that that
is cute my son has a swimming go early
today so my my husband had to go home
see forgot his stuff and get his
swimming costume
but gola got a swimming garnish swimming
gone yes um all right we were talking
about your brain we were talking about
go zones we were talking about Nigel
Farage and his teeth and we were talking
about Europe let's go back for a moment
to Europe because you well to England
you seem to be less hopeful about
England than about the rest of Europe
but you don't think that brexit and
Boris and other things can make anything
positive possible and I think and I love
your American optimism and I would also
say and I mean this super respectfully
that on this side of the pond it is
almost impossible to imagine what it's
like and I know people have been and
they visited and they've seen I'm sorry
to understand what you just said but I
do I do
so for example there was going to be a
free speech event on Hyde Park Corner
it's called speakers cording that's the
whole point about all about it yeah a
journalist was coming over from Canada
she was a young girl but she's
enthusiastic nothing wrong no criminal
record nothing
she was she came via Calais or Calais as
you might say Kelly thank you yes she
was hauled off the bus at Calais as she
was put in a holding pen a cell in
France in France France because they
knew where she was coming she knew that
anyway she was going she's a journalist
and she was rejected from the UK on the
basis of future hate speech as yet
unsaid that might upset local
communities
rejected on the basis of future hate
speech I mean that is the country I live
my girlfriend she's has five children
she's a Catholic lady she works for
Catholic causes she was arrested in
front of her five children in her home
for saying there were only two genders
and she was kept in a police cell for
seven hours
hate speech laws in the UK now are as
such that if I put one foot wrong and
believe me I tell a fine line I'm in the
jail we'll be right back with Katie
Hopkins do not go away
[Music]
all right that's enough of that mushy
stuff come on even Helen Reddy's take it
easy there lady
Oh God if you're feeling a little bit
down you know this isn't really where
you're gonna go to no no no no the edge
the okay I'm talking to you Katie
Hopkins you're your twitter handle is
Katie the letters K T and then Hopkins
Hopkins Hopkins yes you can all speak
like this like Rula lenska
I'm really no you're really poor I
really know you've been to send her I
have okay I could take you down yeah I'm
sure you could but you better be careful
um now let me ask you we just got a few
moments left today but I know how bad
things are in the UK I was on a program
with Michael Youcef he's a wonderful
pastor in Atlanta who does all of these
programs and TBN which built the studio
airs it in the UK and the conversation
that he and I had about his book called
the third jihad where he talks about
this stuff we were contacted by the
British Ministry of something and got in
all kinds of trouble and he had to hire
lawyers and all kinds of stuff
it's sick it is really sick and the
silencing people say to me often
Americans and I understand well where
are the British men why does no one rise
up yeah where is the fight back and you
know I have so much sympathy for regular
Brits because they have mortgages to pay
on their houses if you step out a line
you're look you've lost your job or
you're locked up you know the the
silencing is not at a level that it is
here in America it is absolute so the
other day lost their job for retweeting
a tweet of mine I mean these are
sinister levels of silencing that are
going on so people don't have a voice
anymore but the thing that you're going
to be hearing about soon I predict it I
know it is a silent exodus is already
underway from Western Europe and
Christian families are looking eastwards
to Poland and Hungary and my Jewish
families in friends in Paris in Germany
in London are headed to Israel 8,000
Jewish people left Paris in 2050 Aris I
know is horribly anti-semitic but with
we're with them I mean if Jeremy Corbyn
gets into
10 wit my Jewish friends are gone so
this Exodus is is happening there is a
new migration underway but no one's
talking of it yet
I just wonder I can't help but think
there might be a way through all this I
I think I I would say that at the heart
of the loss of cultural confidence that
we see in the West and to some extent of
course in America too has been the
falling away from Christian faith when
Christian faith was robust in a way
that's where we get all the good stuff
from and and when that went mushy or
squishy as you would put it that's when
things begin to fall apart and I know
that's the case in England oh for sure
and I think the ability to combine the
falling away from the church with
driving a wedge into the heart of our
families teaching very dark agendas to
our four and five-year-olds compulsory
LGBTQ lessons to four-year-olds in the
UK our British schools are allowed to
transition children from male to female
or female to male without consent
schools in the UK can transition
children without the parents house how
is this any different from Stalin's
Soviet Union my friend went to a parents
evening which is where you chat to the
teachers and at the parents evening she
found out that her daughter was now
identifying as a boy and the school had
transitioned him I'd hoped to end on a
sunny note Katie Hopkins I'm so glad
that you are a voice we're gonna we're
gonna keep you in this room for another
program but thank you so much folks find
Katie add on Twitter at Katie Hopkins
Katie thank you thank you very much
indeed
oh hello hey folks I I don't I don't
like the that word that he uses in that
song Kodachrome very surprised folks I
know that you liked when I had Katie
Hopkins on the program so I thought you
know what let's just have more of Katie
Hopkins Katie more of you immediately
thank you I think they do
much more much more you are you're a
rare voice and I think that so much that
you're saying is so important because
hardly anyone is saying what you're
saying in England no and and you can't
you know so I'm speaking openly about
the fact that we are being outnumbered
in England the fact that it shows that
by 2035 you know we start to become a
minority because births to others to
Muslims will outnumber births to our own
and I talk more specifically I spend a
lot of time in small towns small cities
reporting from justjust normal people's
lives how it impacts on them because of
course the the globalists the
politicians you know at sort of a higher
level people talk about how all
immigration is a positive thing and
always knit great that we let everybody
in and aren't we multicultural but at
the level of a mum which is always how I
start from everything you know you're
trying to get your child into a school
place and our school places are running
out we had a school in the UK this year
that ran out of places completely in the
whole region so people are having to
send their kids 50 miles away to school
you know Hospital places so it they just
decided that elderly people cannot get
cataract surgery anymore
they cannot have hip replacements
anymore they just sort of wrote off
anybody who is over 70 or 75 as as we
need to make cuts so we're going to cut
off the old people then I think this is
where so that's a that's not just about
a surgeries it's about your grandma it's
about my mum you know we all have to pay
every year we pay a 150 pounds so it's
$200 to the state in order that the
state can feed us the BBC
your CNN equivalent we have to pay its
compulsory yeah if you don't pay they
come to your door
and they will put you in prison a lady
just went to prison for seven days you
not pay you can't say I'd rather not
have the BBC well then you have to have
no TV in your house otherwise they'll
come after you but my point is then the
BBC have just decided over seventy five
rods used to get their licence for free
is a nice thing because older people are
lonely they've just said no more now you
got to pay so there's this real sense
that we're now going to do away with our
elderly let them fall because we have to
fund this huge migrant population that's
arrived in and that hurts our hearts
because that's our mums and dads
you know it's yes I know this this
sounds to me like something CS Lewis
wrote a novel called that hideous
strength which was the last of what's
his so-called space trilogy but it's not
really a space trilogy but it's this
kind of dark these very darkest
developments of what we would call
liberalism when things go so wrong that
it is an oppressive fascist structure
you think what in the world that all
these British men do risking their lives
fighting Hitler when they seem to be
second-class citizens in their own
countries and and that's a that was a
way of thing what you just did so I so I
just made a documentary called homelands
and it documents it's on YouTube people
can find it if they wish to but it
documents the Exodus the silent exodus
of Christians from England and Jewish
families I went to Paris traveled with
them to Israel these people that are on
the move because they're under attack
people called dirty Jews and spat in the
streets of Paris and that's that
language you just used there in in
savile town this town that has 97
percent Muslim that's precisely the
language of a working-class white
gentleman who I spoke to in the street
he said we're just sick of feeling like
second-class citizens in our own homes
and and it's exactly that it is what
you're talking about it's not actually
about a religion it's definitely not
about race or color it's about a feeling
of a feeling that you don't belong and
that you're also at the back of the
queue for everything
that you know you work for so my father
contributed all his life to the NHS he's
never taken anything out of it because
he's one of those that's always okay
even if half a leg is falling off and it
really isn't for what he fell over once
and he needed something done to his knee
then he simply was told there were no
appointments there were no appointments
and I think that's where where this
starts to really rub it's that little
level of feeling like you don't belong
and almost like you're not wanted
anymore
that's it well I mean as a Christian I
think of this as also having spiritual
ramifications in other words what I've
seen happen to the left is it has slowly
become anti-human and when it's not
merely anti-human I mean whether you're
talking about abortion or euthanasia or
these kinds of things but also whoever
is in the lead anti-male anti-christian
you see it over and over and over again
and what you're describing to me is it's
a kind of the reason it's so pernicious
is it's clearly a self-hatred it's a
suicidal impulse within the West and as
bad as things are here obviously they're
that much worse in England and I think
not wishing and not being able to ever
speak for Jewish communities anywhere
I'm not Jewish but having observed
closely having spent time with the
families that are moving have moved or
under attack 18 Jewish families in the
heart of Paris just received letters
telling them we know what you are what
we know where you live you need to get
out the police came and said they know
where you are they know who are you need
to go and so these French beautiful
French ladies talk of being spat on and
things and they say you know that
Europeans need to treat every day like
September the 1st 1939 and and one lady
said to me you know we have to
remembered she's in Israel now because
she had to run away but she says the
optin the pessimists are now in LA with
a pool but the optimists went to
Auschwitz and she says you cannot afford
to be up
- mr. yeah in Western Europe anymore I
think one of the biggest things that
upsets me is watching those
organizations the NGOs their Board of
Deputies Jewish organizations who are so
in bed with the Muslim Council and the
Muslim organizations they are not
willing to stand up for the Jewish
community and call this out well this is
what's so fascinating it's also
fascinating that the government is
unwilling to do its job I mean the
political correctness
the only time I've experienced this
because you don't see this yet in the US
but I was in Australia giving a talk and
it was somehow perceived that I or maybe
the group that invited me I should say
was somehow anti-gay which which is
nonsense right it's always what the
protest was huge and the police did
nothing they did not protect the older
people trying to get into the church -
here Eric Metaxas speak and I yelled at
the cops I I went out there they didn't
know I was the speaker but I went and I
yelled at them I said what you need to
do your job but that's what scandalize
means that they've gone politically
correct and that the mayors and so on
and so forth and that but you still have
to think if somebody like Trump can be
elected you'd like to think that the
people at some point can stand up and
elect people who will represent them and
you hope that those people will not be
the kind of nationalists that one fears
but the kind of healthy nationalists who
really do believe in the good in normal
healthy patriotism and pride and that's
we struggle we're not allowed to fly our
flag anymore not not the Union although
you don't see it you're not allowed to
fly this and george's cross' anymore our
English flag because that's seen as a
racist symbol so for the World Cup I get
emails all the time from people in
trouble you can imagine or upset
a gentleman in London he was well paid
gentleman but he had his his sent
George's flags up along his balcony in
this nice apartment block and he was
told that if he didn't remove them he'd
be asked to leave the building that has
been removed from the building so this
since George is flag cannot be flown and
our British Army has recently received
communications that are up on the
barrack walls asking soldiers to inform
on their fellow soldiers if they see
them with us in George's flag okay
dumb question
can the Queen do nothing about this she
never ever gets involved in anything
political not ever so no there's nothing
she would do nor would she ever break
tradition and do that
I think what's upsetting and I think
what's disturbs me is watching the
latest generation of inverted commas
Royals and seeing Meghan mark on who
Markel who's a true globalist and get a
foot inside of our royal family so I
would suggest we only have one
generation of Royals really left yeah
and I don't I don't think particularly
well of of Charles I mean I guess that
to have that kind of spine that kind of
steel I would expect that it would have
come from the Queen and if she's so
hidebound
with regard to tradition that she's
unwell I mean look this is what happened
to the German aristocrats who opposed
Hitler they were too gentlemanly to do
anything about it until it was too late
yeah and I think that's right in our
queen you know she will always keep that
tradition and there will not be somebody
else that will speak up from the royal
family because they need to protect that
kind of status they have I think but I
think your point was really interesting
about the police so certainly we have a
Muslim Housing Association now most
Muslim Housing Association in our towns
and cities and Muslim police
associations in our towns and cities we
had a recent example in Scotland where a
lady came out onto the street in a ball
of flames and she was screaming help me
help me she's a Muslim lady and this is
how many of our Muslim ladies meet an
untimely death when there's honor
killings and police Scotland who are
very much bound in by Sharia and the
Imams said that there were no suspicious
circumstances we're gonna end there
we'll be right back with more of that
story and more of Katie Hopkins
hey there folks that's the Bee Gees and
I'm Eric you taxes and this is Katie
Hopkins Katie it's so much fun talking
to you even about tremendously
depressing things let me ask you though
I will just yeah that music much better
thank you I think you need to stay with
that little upbeat well you know what
most of our music at some point is
upbeat sometimes as it enters it's slow
and then I start talking so thank you so
shut up in mind your own business
now listen Katie you we were talking
about brexit earlier and Trump and so
what is the joy in brexit if England is
going the way of all flesh what why
should we be happy that Boris Johnson
might be elected and on and on and on if
things are this bad can he do nothing in
the British example do nothing yet so
the British people can do nothing and
the takeover is well underway and it's
been strategically enabled it's amongst
all our towns and cities demographically
we're outnumbered financially we're
outnumbered and and structurally we're
becoming outnumbered however if there's
go if we're going to go down in a blaze
of forlorn glory if we're going to reach
out as we're drowning and have that one
last hand above the water Oh putting
quite carried away yeah you are I know
it's quite fun and then Boris Johnson's
it I've always loved Boris Johnson he is
feisty he has a lexicon of words in his
head that fall out of his mouth like a
fountain it has joy it's a joy and if we
have Boris and Trump together
that is going to be a time to be alive
and you and I both going to live it
yeah I love it I love it he's got a new
girlfriend as well Boris oh really
awesome
you might have to get married he's been
married but he just let me tell you this
because your female listeners will be
interested even if you're not so just
Park yourself right Boris Johnson's new
girlfriend came on scene it's very sorry
about the wife bla bla bla but she's a
vegan
I don't like vegans but she's sorted out
his hair she's made him lose like what
do you do you do pounds here 28 pounds
so she is shaping him up she's smart and
she's shaped him up ready to be the
prime minister so it's exciting I've
noticed the hair yeah very nice okay
well good I hope he has something good
and it'll be exciting and when he was
mayor of London we were proud
he was dangling off of cables by his
underwear with a union flag on it it was
ripped right and now you have Derek on
what's his name
what that's a brilliant thing to have
said what is that his name is Sadiq Khan
he's a Muslim Mayor of London I like
that you called him Derek Derek Derek
you know how high Sadiq is I know your
challenge first away hi do you mean how
tall yeah this tool on me
oh he's a team of nine men call that
weenie he's a mannequin
he's pocket-sized it's usually he's tiny
but it's kind of mean and make fun of
people for though it's essential it's
essential isn't it yes it's essential I
don't think so I think you've got better
arguments than that okay um now look I
just think the fact that you're
uncomfortably tall I'm not gonna bring
that up on the program listen seriously
Trump wants to have this special
relationship with England at least we've
had it for so long you don't think that
something hopeful can come out of that
that a trade deal can be made if we get
Boris you know this is where we start to
you know the strings we talked about and
a show we did once before those strings
just got they became like a little
little wire if we get Boris and you've
got Trump the energy and enthusiasm
alone will be enough to sustain us a
massive trade deal with America I mean
even imagine it'd be so fantastic well I
imagine it also with a number of these
other parties what is it salvini salvini
and others in ftu you kind of wonder
whether that might be possible that some
of these other parties might well it's
building as well because salvini has
been with so for an american salvini
italy was meeting up with lepen france
who was meeting up with Orban and
hungary together they're building an
alliance now we add Trump to that
alliance and Boris Johnson suddenly
Western Europe that looks very different
we now have a block of Trump like
populist which could be really exciting
yeah the thing I also wanted to say
about Trump because of the horrific
disrespect that is shown to him by Sadiq
Khan and the liberal elites of London
I always want to ask Americans to please
understand that the rest of the UK a
great place I live in it's a different
country than London
we love Trump regular and people like
yeah you know my parents love Trump and
when Melania came over and I know she
gets no respect here either here she
speaks 85 languages as an epoch she she
was lady died like there was a moment on
how can you er I got it now time illness
I I think at the risk of sounding
blasphemous I think she makes lady die
look common I think she has an elegance
to her which is it's so extraordinary
that I find it funny that that Trump
would have this tremendously elegant
beautiful woman as his first lady it's
just what could be funnier it's just and
she hasn't been on the cover of any
fashion magazines you know that Anna
Wintour took Melania 15 years ago 12
years ago to buy her wedding dress and
she has now kicked her to the curb she's
not seen in vogue or anything like that
I think from a female point of view and
I do try and identify as loosely female
when I can yeah is Melania is the
perfect example of a woman who
completely rises above like Michelle
used to say oh when they go alone we go
hi but but Melania really has involved
that because she doesn't bitch about
this stuff she doesn't own about it no
she just gets on an aircraft with a
message on the back of these fabulous
photos in Ralph Lauren it's amazing she
knows that every woman is looking at her
thinking how does she do that because
she has like this and even even I like
wonder how she does it it's because it's
so consistently tremendously elegant and
stylish it's a staggering thing okay
we're gonna be right back with more
Katie Hopkins now Katie you have a
website
Hopkins world I do but I said what I
spend most of my time in terms of
uploading yeah but really about that on
Twitter that's why I put people Twitter
Katie Hopkins @k in at E Hopkins Katie
how they ban me on Twitter yeah be right
back
[Music]
hey there folks war brothers Gibb that's
how people tune in Katie Hopkins they
tune in for the bumper music typically
just I'm in at the end of that do they
feel a little down a little depressed
and they have to get medication it's
usually very up music maybe we've been
having a bad day or maybe your lack of a
skull is giving you some problems you
need to explain that I guess I can it's
so extraordinary to me that you've not
had the top of your skull replaced what
they mean they do have one waiting for
me
and are they gonna put it back yes they
printed one in titanium and I just have
to sit still long enough for them to put
it back in so you're gonna have a metal
skull like I'm like The Terminator
people are gonna be able to like whacky
with a baseball bat and nothing can
happen and I've also had both my arms
sewn back on with titanium stuff so I am
literally better than you can sew with
titanium well it's like stitching with
like titanium stuff I don't know either
way my arms stay in their sockets now so
I am I'm ready I'm ready
unbelievable so if I want to rip your
arms out of your sockets no let's say I
got really angry there's no way I could
do that no I can even hit a tennis ball
now really not my arm disappearing with
with the racket oh my god okay I wanted
to continue talking to you about Trump
and so many things but I have to say
speaking as a Christian I really think
that at the heart of the hope for the
West is religious revival in other words
without that in some form this is the
way liberalism goes it just eats its own
and it becomes you know it the grass
grows and the castle disappears it's all
over you're probably not a CS Lewis fan
are you
yeah well CS Lewis I won't go into it
but the point is that the heroic Lewis
beautifully writes heroic stories for
young people the Narnia Chronicles and
they're so heroic and I think that's
what we've lost and at the heart of it
is a Christian Sensibility and you don't
need to be particularly religious but I
think that ultimately that's where it
I think that that's where this country
came from I mean that you wouldn't have
an America if not for your boy George
Whitefield coming over and preaching for
three decades up and down our colonies
and causing revival and all these people
got so filled with religion with God
that they governed themselves they said
we can govern ourselves and that's kind
of the short version of what happened
but I in England there is not much
happening in the evangelical Christian
world true or false
true however two good news things and I
would agree with you is maybe because
American can see what's happening to us
there will be there is already this
pushback towards the church so just the
other day I was in Detroit you know just
away from Michigan near Dearborn bla and
I was in a Baptist Church and 200 odd
people came and I was talking about
homelands and what's going on and the
exodus from Europe and those good people
all came to that church and the pastor
was really he really got the message and
part of me was really uplifted by that
because I was like Gina maybe this is
the thing that's pushing people back to
their churches because they know they
have to hold on to this and and there is
something when you speak to South
Africans who refuse to leave their land
even though they know the end making arm
and they say they refuse to leave their
land they will die in their boots
because they trust in two things God and
the land and there is something that
really resonates there with America I
think as well there's this real trust I
mean your flag flies everywhere I have
an emotional moment all over the place
because you guys fly your flag when
you're at the airport I was at Newark
Airport for seven hours on the floor
don't even ask why waiting for a plane
when you call on your service but I had
an emotional moment at the airport as
well you call on your service personnel
and you say if you'd like to board early
you're welcome and then the gentleman
says I was going to set me off the
gentleman says and thank you for your
service we you know our service
personnel have to take their uniforms
off before they leave their barracks so
they're not spat on in the street oh my
god this is the difference you know it's
such a joy your country is a joy
Wow I'm so sorry to hear that well look
things weren't always thus obviously you
know after Vietnam our servicemen were
treated very poorly and so some things
do wax and wane and I do have hope I
know that I have great hope for the
church in America very very much I do
know no question about it but I just
wonder if that might not leap across the
pond if we can do you the favor that
George Whitefield did for us by coming
here from there because I do know that
there are people who maybe they wouldn't
be able to express it in be very
explicit about it but they do have some
sense yes I think that's right I think
there's a sense with between patriotism
and being proud of your country for me
that has some kind of can't put my arms
around it like you're trying to say
there but it has some kind of Christian
roots and I say in a way without wanting
to put pressure on the 64 million
Americans that voted to Trump but if we
don't get Trump for 2020 and I say we as
a Brit you know that's my only you know
I'm kind of pleading with America as
well as part of what I'm doing here is
we need Trump to if we have any hope if
there is a glimmer
it relies on on you guys to give us
Trump oh there's I don't think there's
any question about that and I think that
his election has to be a miracle I mean
there's no it makes no sense that he was
able to get elected being opposed not
just by every atom in the mainstream
media but also by his own party I mean
can you imagine so
we'll see do we have 30 seconds left in
this segment oh okay so we've got a
minute here
I guess um I was in Newcastle on Tyne a
few years ago and I went into a church
and I was very beautiful and I went and
I prayed and the vicar came over and he
was weeping because he says no one had
come in and prayed in that church only
tourists would come in and gawk around
and I thought this is what's happened to
Christianity in the UK but I just want
to say God can do anything and that you
know if if a few people will pray
I really do think things can happen that
that don't make logical sense it
wouldn't be rational or logical to
assume that these things will happen but
I want to be clear that they can happen
now Katie when people find you on
Twitter
there are videos there we've only been
able to touch on a few things we'll have
you back for just a few minutes but I
want to tell people if you want to find
out you've got to go on Twitter
unfortunately not everybody's on Twitter
but go to Katie Hopkins and then there
is a website Hopkins world.com lots of
videos we'll be right back with Katie
Hopkins hey there folks I think that's
Chicago they don't have a Chicago in
England do they no we don't have shame
on you shame on you now listen you were
talking about something and I use the
Shakespearean phrase hoist by his own
petard you have something happening in
England which really is hilarious and
wonderful please tell my audience okay
it's where the lizard eats its own tail
yeah in terms of you if you're tolerant
you embrace everybody this is where
suddenly you find yourself eating your
own feet
so schools in a certain area of the UK
in Birmingham again a town that is a
city that is majority Muslim I say that
just because it's relevant right now
there's a particular school it's called
Anderton Park Primary School and 97% of
the parents there are Muslim parents
their children a Muslim okay fine the
school by law by state law says we have
to teach LGBTQ lessons to four-year-olds
they have books one of the books is to
penguin dads that raise a son so that
children learn it's okay to have to die
in simply by saying this is satanic but
go ahead then there's another little
book these four-year-olds study very
mind some of them haven't been potty
trained yet but they're studying these
books where a boy decides to become a
girl and feel like a mermaid for the day
and that's okay so these lessons LGBTQ
lessons the Muslim community because of
their beliefs completely disagree with
what they done for seven weeks their
Muslim parents
have barricaded effectively the school
they will not send their children to
school they are demanding that tolerance
classes be stopped and they are saying
well the school is being intolerant of
our beliefs and the schools saying we
have mandatory tolerance and neither
side will give in it's just so it's
crazy and now you have the left
imagine the Democrats who do they side
with do you side with the LGBT or do you
side with the Muslims who votes you need
our so where do you go well they're
being quiet
you have to give me back that piece of
paper cuz I've something else to write
down for you CS Lewis wrote an essay
called men without chests are you
familiar with this yes oh you are I'm
familiar with the title well honestly
the story dear Katie you must read it
well it's it's just about what we're
talking about that you you know the
Muslims here have chests they have the
ability to say hey those are my kids
you're not gonna do that
why doesn't everyone do this why doesn't
every father raise hell this is exactly
so this is the real pickle that we've
got into because Christian parents are
saying actually I'm one of them yeah I
don't want LGBTQ lessons to my
four-year-old I'm very happy that people
are tolerant and whatever you want to do
that to my four-year-old and so now it's
becoming a nationwide issue yeah because
we're saying we don't want it and so
nobody knows quite what to do no one
knows how to resolve the situation but
so far one school has stopped their
LGBTQ and tolerance classes and so you
know now they've got momentum that's
going to happen all over the UK so it's
curious time well I mean it look it's
about time the LGBTQ world bumped into
the radical Muslim world because they
are not friends and the idea that the
Liberals have tried to hold them
together in some kind of a you know it's
like a leg up like a Saddam Hussein's
strongmen holding together the tribes
well when the strongman goes away they
kill each other with it so now Britain
will be the kind of template of what
happens when that fractures and the left
don't like it because they know they're
going to lose one of those two voting
blocks yeah well I don't know how to
placate both placate placate the oso
placate placate only
like you've got some Kate paralysis
application sure the cake my jewel I'm
so glad we're out of time because I
think we may come to those yeah Katie
Hopkins really makes me so happy that
you've been here thank you so much thank
you thank you
we have pillows in America but the best
pillows are my pillow my fellow but the
reason I bring it up and and a lot of
people watching don't know this Mike
Lyndell you know he advertises on a lot
of programs yeah a lot but they always
put up a code like put in this code and
you get a discount right but what people
don't know and I don't care if it's on
Fox or whatever it is if you put in a
code other than our code mm-hmm those
are all Democrat codes really do it I'm
telling you so you put in the word Eric
er IC also happens to be your son is
named Eric that is correct one of the
reasons my parents named me Eric even
though I'm older right I just thought as
much I knew it was coming as an homage
that kind of you know well they were
there pre she n't but the point is that
if where were they from you know I
forget it's so long ago I was like near
Persia
I wasn't even born but but the point is
that I wonder if we have a pillow album
do we a pill we always keep pillows and
as you're feeling it think invented
while on crack cocaine invented while on
crack I'm not a drug person but if you
know if you can come up with this on
credit anyway so that's what you could
do what the point is but this pillow and
the sheets and everything if you don't
just hold chips in the Egyptian sheets
and in the code is Eric Eric Eric but
but the thing that people don't know is
if you put in the code Eric you get a
fabulous discount huge discount terrific
tremendous discount if you don't put in
the code Eric you can also put in
metaxas but if you don't do that people
don't realize it's a democrat discount
oh then it goes to an oval OC o Nancy
Palooza crazy Bernie I mean we have to
imagine I think they people should only
use your discount code mister
president I just want to say thank you
very much oh it's yours
thank you thank you very much thanks for
watching folks
[Music]